EXTERNAL

Lines in programs to be included in ISETL should not extend beyond
column 71 if you don't want part of the line to wrap and appear on the
next line when included.

What is standard input?

If I use a word processor to write my programs, how should I save it so
that ISETL will be able to include it without trouble, just save it in
unformatted form or make a print file of it?

Are lines supposed to end with CR or CR-LF?

Which does ED.COM do?

LANGUAGE

How can I write a program which, when I choose a specific integer n,
would make an assignment such as Zn:={0..(n- 1)}, that is, part of the
identifier name depends on my choice of n?  For example, when I enter
MAKEZN(137); it assigns to Z137 the correct set and also constructs the
addition and multiplication mod 137 with appropriately chosen
identifiers (a and m?).

If I assign to B some expression, does it evaluate it immediately and
just store the calculated value in mailbox B, or doesn't it evaluate
the expression until we enter B; ?

How is B; different from print B; ?

How do you keep from printing ; and how to put several things on a line
with appropriate spacing?

The readf and printf and PAIR all look pretty mysterious, and cause
glazing of the eyes.

What is pretty-printing anyway and the backslash convention?

Exactly when does one need to put in ; and what is it telling ISETL?

What is the difference between program and func?

USAGE

What exactly does !record file1 actually pick up and record, and what
is missed of what I see on the screen or values it computes?

What is a good way for a beginner to work, to write, try, debug, and
rewrite a program or func - using some combination of ED, !include,
!edit, !verbose, !echo, !record, and !watch some variables?

After you have some experience with ISETL what is the most efficient
way to operate?

Right from the beginning there are questions about printing things in
the way you would like either on the screen or on paper.

Suggestions about form and style of writing programs?
